[AUDIO LOGO]
[THEME MUSIC]
>> EMERY SMITH: Today
on "Cosmic Disclosure,"
we're with former US
Marine, Mike Herrera.
Mike is a veteran with a
distinguished service record.
Today we discuss his
face-to-face encounter
with a UAP run by a
secret unit of operatives.
Mike, welcome to the show.
>>MIKE HERRERA:
Thank you, Emery.
I appreciate you having me on.
>> EMERY: Give us a little brief
description about yourself.
>>HERRERA: Well, I'm an
entrepreneur these days.
I do stuff with
private-security contracting.
And I'm a partner with a
major heavy-equipment company.
So that's been my
focus these days until,
obviously, the recent events
that I've published out
in Washington DC with the
Press Club, among other shows,
podcasts I've been on.
So--
>> EMERY: What about your
history with the Marines?
>>HERRERA: Well, I wanted to
be a fighter pilot originally.
But my eyesight
wasn't that good.
So infantry was the next bet,
and become an infantry Marine,
and learned a lot, a lot of
great men I've served with,
things like that.
And it was good to be a part
of history in a lot of ways.
And being a Marine has
definitely shaped me
into the person I became today.
>> EMERY: And what is your
experience with the UAP
and the Black Operatives team?
>>HERRERA: Getting
held up at gunpoint
with them-- we came
across something that they
were doing illegal.
I had some theories,
at least coming forward
and April, May, June time frame.
Earlier this year,
I had hypothesized
that they were doing drugs
or running drug operations
and stuff like that.
And when we were
intercepted, these guys--
they had tactics
that were basically
what you would resemble from
US Special Operations, very
organized, very
structuralized on their part.
The way that they were moving
was very rehearsed, very
well done.
So this is something that
told me that this was not
their first rodeo, so to speak.
>> EMERY: And where did
this take place, Mike?
>>HERRERA: This was in
Indonesia, Padang City,
on the outskirts
of the city, when
we were doing humanitarian
relief to these people that
got hit by this tsunami
and earthquake that
happened in 2009 on the
Western part of Sumatra.
>> EMERY: And what was
your position there?
Why were you there?
What was your duty there?
>>HERRERA: We were there
as a security element
because Indonesia's the
second-largest terrorist
capital in the world.
>> EMERY: Right.
>>HERRERA: So they do a
lot of training there.
They've got a lot of rebels.
They've got a lot
of forces there
that don't do anything good
to anybody in the area.
So when there's a
natural disaster,
they like to try to murder
people, kidnap, harass.
Every worst-case scenario
you can think of,
that's what they do.
>> EMERY: Rarely.
I'm very familiar
with that, being
over there many, many times.
I used to live over there.
So you kept referring to
these people as "they."
Who is they?
>>HERRERA: This Black team.
So this Black team,
essentially, has been in--
I should say, woven into
everything, including
government military, everything
that you can think of.
they've been woven in since
1947, when the National
Security Act was signed by
the president at the time.
Their specific role was dealing
with the UFO crash retrievals,
all those kinds of
programs to be more kept
secret, as opposed to the
government and the war machine,
if you will, was focused on
the conventional warfare,
conventional aircraft,
munitions, you name it.
So this was an organization
that was created out
of the nature of
being top secret.
>> EMERY: Now Mike,
did at that time,
when the weapons were pulled
on you, who they were?
>>HERRERA: No.
I had no clue.
I've had theories on that.
The thing that gave
it away was the fact
that they had American
dialects and had American gear.
It was the same kind of
gear that we had, but newer.
It was Black OTV vests or IOTVs.
They had M-4s.
They had the quad-rail system.
They had the pick-6 team, which
is the IR illumination devices
for nighttime operations.
They had ACOGs, which we had the
RCOs, which were a step below.
>> EMERY: Explain to the
audience what IOTV is and ACOG.
We know what that is, but--
>>HERRERA: ACOG is an Advanced
Combat Optical Gunsight.
So it's scope that has
a 4 by 32 magnification.
And then IOTV is just a
simple ballistics vest
with SAPI plates put into it.
But they have black.
They had no markings
on anything, no--
>> EMERY: The best equipment.
>>HERRERA: Pretty much.
>> EMERY: Better than yours?
>>HERRERA: Yes.
>> EMERY: Wow.
>>HERRERA: Oh, yeah.
>> EMERY: And how many
were in your team?
>>HERRERA: I had six
total, including me.
>> EMERY: Why were they
pulling guns on you?
What were they
threatening you with?
>>HERRERA: Threatening us to be
killed because what we stumbled
across was something
that was not supposed
to be witnessed by anybody.
>> EMERY: And what was that?
>>HERRERA: So come to find out,
because like I said earlier,
because the containers
that they had,
that these trucks were pulling
onto this platform, which
was below the craft, they had
these-- looked like shipping
containers that were black.
They had a cylinder on the top.
And I had-- when
I came out to DC
and briefed the Pentagon,
at least their office,
as well as Senate
Intelligence Committee
and the Special
Intelligence Service,
I would suspect that it was
drugs because the fact that can
be vacuum sealed, oxygenated.
From getting information
from these insiders
in this organization, they had
told me that it was humans.
And it's not just any humans.
These are humans that are
screened for certain projects
that they actually have,
that they develop things,
manufacture.
So they need these people
in order to do that.
>> EMERY: These people meaning--
these are trained humans
that they're shipping?
Or are these another
type of life form?
>>HERRERA: So these are
actual humans that have
what they call psionic
abilities, which
is borderline psychic.
They have an elevated
state of consciousness.
They pull these people
from third-world countries,
one because it's from war-torn
areas or is from less desirable
places that--
>> EMERY: They won't be missed.
>>HERRERA: Exactly.
>> EMERY: Right.
>>HERRERA: Well, and they're
not taken against their will.
They're given the
opportunity to do this.
But because of the lifestyle
that they're given,
clean facilities,
clean water, good food,
all this kind of stuff that
they would give people that
participate in these programs--
so going from that environment
back to where they're
from, most people
stay and choose to
do this, especially
with the severities of what
they're dealing with in turn.
>> EMERY: Mike, are any of the
extraterrestrials behind this
agenda?
>>HERRERA: Yes, as
a matter of fact,
there is, because what they
call the P3s or the psionics,
that developed a
relationship with these ETs,
yes, that's a part of it.
So they know what's going on.
It's not like they're going to
sit here and land on the White
House front lawn and say,
yes, the existence is here.
There's proof of its
existence all over the world.
>> EMERY: Tell me a little
bit more about this "craft"
you mentioned.
>>HERRERA: So this craft
was an octagonal shape.
It had eight, obviously,
sections on the edge of it.
It had octagonal patterns
on the actual craft, itself.
It looked like
scales, if you will.
And it was hovering about
15, 20 feet off the ground
from this platform.
And it was rotating
in a clockwise motion.
It was transitioning colors
between a light-matte
gray to a dark-matte black.
It had these slits in
it or looked like--
it might have been panels.
But it was the darkest
black color I've ever seen,
so black that
light was basically
being absorbed into it.
>> EMERY: How large?
What's the dimensions
of this craft?
>>HERRERA: I estimated 300
feet because the helicopters
that we flew in on, which
were CH-53 Super Stallions,
they're pretty
massive helicopters.
Those are about--
>> EMERY: Very large.
>>HERRERA: --a hundred feet
in length from nose to tail.
So if you could fit three of
these underneath this craft,
that's how I could tell
distance with that.
Especially being
a Marine, you get
to judge distance
very accurately
because of the training
that we go through,
as well as you do this day
in and day out, weapons
systems that have the mil
dots and everything on it,
teaches you how to
estimate ranges very well.
>> EMERY: Did you notice
anything other than the size
of the craft?
Could: you see inside the craft?
>>HERRERA: No.
>> EMERY: No?
>> EMERY: Was there any entrance
points or exit points you seen
people conjuring around?
>>HERRERA: No, just
going underneath of it.
>> EMERY: Going
underneath of it?
>>HERRERA: Yeah, this platform--
come to find out, because
after we saw this happen--
was a part of that craft.
So it was two different pieces.
>> EMERY: Sure, all right.
So was the craft levitating?
>>HERRERA: Yes, it was.
>> EMERY: OK.
>>HERRERA: It was 15,
20 feet off the ground.
>> EMERY: Now whose craft do
you believe this is, Mike?
>>HERRERA: At that
time, obviously,
with the human involvement--
>> EMERY: At that time, yeah.
>>HERRERA: The
human involvement, I
knew it was made
because there wouldn't
be an ET element with a
human, especially armed people
like that, especially if they
were running drugs at the time.
At least that's what I thought.
So I didn't think it
was an actual ET craft.
I thought it was
made because you
could tell it was manufactured.
It had paneling on it
and everything like that.
>> EMERY: You see
rivets or something?
>>HERRERA: Mm-hmm,
seams, stuff like that.
And the tone that it emitted
was like a transformer
or something.
If you unplugged a guitar amp,
that's what it reminded me of.
That's the only thing-- it's
not the exact frequency of that.
But it's very close to that.
>> EMERY: That hum,
that kind of hum.
>>HERRERA: Oh, yeah.
>> EMERY: A little bit
of harmonics there--
>>HERRERA: Correct.
>> EMERY: A little
deep tone, huh?
>>HERRERA: Yeah.
>> EMERY: And how close were
you able to actually get
to the craft?
>>MIKE HERRERA:
About a hundred--
>> EMERY: Were you
able touch it or--
>>HERRERA: No we were
about 150 feet away
before we were
intercepted by this team.
>> EMERY: And they were just
kind of guarding it, you think?
>>HERRERA: Yeah.
>> EMERY: All right.
>>HERRERA: They have a
perimeter set, obviously.
They know what they're doing,
keeping this under wraps.
And so we had eight
guys, at least,
that we dealt with directly.
And we did a tactical column
down this ridge, if you will.
And they had four on this
side, four on this side.
And they had what was
called a nosebleed.
That's at least--
some SF operators
I talked to, that's an
ambush point that they do.
So they have interlocking
fields of fire.
So if you have four
people on one side,
they can interlock
like this, meaning
that they can have twice as
many muzzles on one person,
and still effectively take
down whatever group they're
against at a very, very
fast pace, if you will.
>> EMERY: Mike, do you believe
this craft was man made
or reverse engineered?
>>HERRERA: Man made is
reverse engineered, at least
my understanding of it.
It obviously derived from
something at that time.
And at that time, I
didn't think that--
I saw movies with ETs
or aliens in them.
So I thought, OK,
that's a cool concept.
But I didn't actually
believe in that stuff
until I came across this.
Now I know we have some
brilliant minds in the world,
scientists, things like that.
But this thing was way
more advanced than anything
at that time.
And I know aircraft very well.
That was what I wanted to do.
And seeing this thing
operate and take off
was not conventional
by any means.
>> EMERY: Was there any other
aircraft besides your aircraft
there, at the site?
>>HERRERA: No.
>> EMERY: No?
So I'd estimate we were
probably about 600 meters away
from our original LZ
that we landed at.
And we pushed 300 meters
up to this ridge line.
And that's when we turned
around and saw this going--
looking down the slope.
And we saw this
craft sitting there.
>> EMERY: You said you saw
the craft take off or move.
>>HERRERA: Yes.
>> EMERY: Tell me, how
fast did it take off?
And did you hear anything?
>>HERRERA: The craft
is sitting about 15,
20 feet off the ground
from this platform.
So after they got the
last truck onto that--
which I only saw four trucks.
I don't know exactly
how many they had--
this platform rose
up off the ground.
And the craft lowered
itself to meet this
and get into one solid piece.
Then it rose slightly
above the tree line.
And then it completely
shot off left,
which is where the ocean
is, on our direct left.
And it was a black blur,
is what it looked like.
As it was going up, it
started to have these lights
on each corner
start to illuminate.
It was red, yellow,
green, and blue.
But it was only one on each.
So let's say if one corner was
red, it didn't change colors.
That was just a red corner.
And that's what it
illuminated the whole time.
But it was still rotating.
The pitch of that hum did
not change at all, even
from raising up
to the tree line.
And then when it
took off, it had
to have been thousands of
miles an hour, instantaneous.
The thing that was so
interesting about this
was the fact that it
didn't disturb the trees.
There was coconuts on
the top of the trees.
Those didn't move.
There was no rotor wash.
There was no exhaust wash.
There was nothing
that was disturbed.
It was just
completely-- so fast.
And it didn't disturb anything.
So it was very eerie to see.
>> EMERY: You mentioned that
there was a truck directly
underneath it.
>>HERRERA: Yes.
>> EMERY: And then it
lowered over the truck.
And it absorbed the truck?
>>HERRERA: So I
didn't see the truck.
I just saw the platform
raised, went like this.
So I didn't see a truck,
actually, on the platform.
What I--
>> EMERY: Cargo container or--
>>HERRERA: I didn't see
how they unloaded anything.
The only-- because
we're going through,
seeing this in the
background, to this team,
also stripping us of our gear.
So you're going back
and forth between.
So I'm not 100% focused on
this because you got guys
pointing their muzzles at you.
At the same time, you're
in your own head, thinking,
what are these guys
going to do next?
>> EMERY: So they didn't
go with the craft?
They stayed there--
>>HERRERA: They stayed there.
>> EMERY: --on site?
>>HERRERA: Yeah.
>> EMERY: And how
did they get there?
>>HERRERA: I have no idea.
>> EMERY: Oh, all right.
There's theories
to that, obviously.
Their own transportation,
by any means.
But--
>> EMERY: You mentioned the
lights on the craft, the red,
green, yellow, blue.
Were they just around
the center part?
Or are they around the edges?
>>HERRERA: They're
around the edges.
>> EMERY: OK, all the way around
the whole 300 feet of this
craft.
>>HERRERA: So just the corners.
>> EMERY: Just the corner.
>>HERRERA: Each sharp
corner had that light.
>> EMERY: Oh, the octagons.
>>HERRERA: Yeah.
>> EMERY: And what's the height
of that craft, do you think?
>>HERRERA: If I was
to have estimate,
I would say probably--
maybe 50 feet, if that.
So it was very--
it was 300 feet long
but probably 50 feet
from the bottom to the top
of the pyramid structure that
was on the top of that craft.
At least that's
what it looked like.
When it was rotating, you could
see the shadow pitch, at least
from every corner of
that pyramid on the top.
That's what it looked like.
>> EMERY: Was the outside of the
craft rotating or just a single
line of it?
Or was it just the
lights rotating?
Or was the whole
craft, you just saw--
and how fast was it rotating?
>>HERRERA: So it was rotating--
the whole craft was rotating.
As far as speed, it
wasn't going very fast.
It was just very
constant, just smooth.
And it was weird because
when I was sitting there,
hovering, it's not going up
and down like people think,
when they assume it's
just completely still.
And it's just rotating.
It's like it's set in
stone and it's moving.
It's the weirdest description
that I can accurately give.
If somebody saw this and
they saw how it moved it--
>> EMERY: Right, fascinating.
>>HERRERA: Yeah.
>> EMERY: Well, tell us.
You're at gunpoint.
This craft is taking off.
What did they do
next to you guys?
>>HERRERA: So after they had
our weapons-- so we had M16A4s.
I was a saw gunner by trade,
which was a belt-fed machine
gun, a hell of a weapon.
So they gave us M16A4s
instead because we're
doing humanitarian.
We were in condition
four at the time.
We weren't in condition one.
And so then I took
our magazine out.
They actually-- the way that
they handled the weapon,
you can tell they've
done this several times.
They pulled the charging
handle to the rear.
Obviously, no casing
came out or anything
like that, no live round.
And they took our
magazines out of our vests.
Usually we have what's
called brass to the grass.
So they took those out.
They kicked them probably
outside the standoff distance
to make sure we
couldn't reach for them.
And as they were
checking our weapons,
they actually took
our military IDs out
of breast pocket, our
left breast pocket.
So these guys knew
where our military IDs
were, which is the other
suspicion that these guys were
former military
because I don't know
about other military
branches, as far
as where they're supposed
to keep their military IDs.
But for us, it was always in our
left breast pocket, as well as
note-taking gear
if you needed that.
So they knew where
our stuff was.
They had this device
that reminded me
of a biometric system
that we were trained on.
And they kept trying to look--
scan our IDs with this.
And they weren't
able to do that.
They were getting
frustrated with it.
So then they had
this other thing,
that looked like a
modern-day cell phone
because phones, back
then, were bulky, big.
I had a Sony Ericsson
MP3 phone that
was the thing back in the day.
And this is ancient
compared to what we got now.
>> EMERY: And what year
was this, for the audience?
>>HERRERA: 2009.
Yep, 14 years ago.
So they took pictures of IDs,
front and back, of course.
They put it back in
our left breast pocket.
They had a weapon.
So they told us to turn
around and face that slope
that we came down.
>> EMERY: Oh, no.
>>HERRERA: And at that point,
I thought that we were done
for because you know
as well as I do--
>> EMERY: I know what
that means, yeah.
>>HERRERA: And thankfully it
didn't happen because I'm here
talking to you.
>> EMERY: Right.
>>HERRERA: So after we
turn and face that slope,
they slung our
weapons on our back.
But they slung them
so tight that you
couldn't get them off yourself.
And we had our neck
protectors, that had this yoke.
And when they were
putting the sling on--
because I could see
the sling come over.
I'm like, oh, crap, they're
going to choke me or something
like that.
So they put the sling over.
And it actually cut into my neck
because they were roughing it
up.
And they were
trying to adjust it
to where it was so
tight against our body.
And then they took
our magazines and they
put them brass facing
towards the sky.
So even if you were
to reach for it,
you're going to have
to fumble for it.
By the time you land
anything, they actually
have the drop on you already.
They'll just kill you.
So these guys knew exactly
what they were doing.
>> EMERY: Wow.
must have been nerve
wracking for all of you guys.
>>HERRERA: It was.
>> EMERY: How were you
responding, everyone?
Did anyone flip out and
try to fight back or--
>>HERRERA: No.
We were outgunned at that point.
And the way these
guys's tactics were,
they were overly aggressive,
which understandably, us as a--
>> EMERY: And speaking English?
>>HERRERA: Yes.
Just like how you and I are.
There's no English accents.
There's no Australian
accents or anything
that's very identifiable.
It's just how you
and I are talking.
>> EMERY: What happened next?
>>HERRERA: So they told
us to go up the slope.
But we had all our gear back on.
And they kept telling us, don't
look back, we'll kill you,
we'll shoot you,
hey, we can throw you
guys off a helicopter.
It's easy to get lost
out here in the jungle.
And nobody would ever find you.
They just kept saying
stuff like that.
>> EMERY: They were
threatening you the whole way.
>>HERRERA: The whole way.
They weren't, obviously, nice.
And as soon as we broke
the top of that slope,
we basically took off,
running back to the LZ
where they were having
helicopters come in.
So it was a good
distance, 300 meters.
You're trying to run--
>> EMERY: So they said,
walk up this hill.
Don't turn around.
>>HERRERA: Yep.
>> EMERY: And was there
an endpoint to the hill?
>>HERRERA: So it
came up to the top,
where we were originally at.
>> EMERY: OK.
All right.
>>HERRERA: That's
where we were supposed
to be until we saw this happen.
And then so we basically
hightailed it back to the LZ
from that original point.
And we had our weapons
on our back, of course,
because they didn't
know if we were
following us the whole way.
And that's why we just
decided to hightail it.
>> EMERY: Just keep going.
>>HERRERA: Because we were
still in view of other people.
Getting at least closer,
probably within maybe 50 meters
or so, we could
start seeing people.
>> EMERY: What did they
do with your comms?
>>HERRERA: We didn't
have any comms.
>> EMERY: Oh, nothing.
>>HERRERA: No, everybody
thinks in the military,
life is lavish, with this--
you're lucky to get comms.
There's a lot of
Marines I know that went
to Iraq and Afghanistan,
that didn't have any comms.
A lot of operations, they did.
That's why you have
hand-and-arm signals,
other ways to communicate.
>> EMERY: Right.
Mike, what have
you learned about
these black covert programs?
>>HERRERA: Well, they're
very sophisticated.
There's a lot of moving parts.
And how they have them
compartmentalized and kept
secrets, very
amazing, how they keep
it segmented from other people,
doing similar operations.
So the organization itself
is a global organization.
It's not just the United States.
It's not just a certain
part of the country.
It spans the entire globe.
And as I said
before, these teams
came into creation around 1947,
when the National Security Act.
So with this subject,
coming to find out
who was exactly
responsible for this
was very surprising
because normally
when you have
something like this,
especially briefing
the Pentagon,
at least the AARO Office,
Senate Intelligence Committee
and a bunch of other
senators, politicians,
that at least are
interested in this
because they want
to hear about it.
It's never anybody on the inside
that actually comes and says,
hey, yes, this is
the organization
that's responsible,
that they're a part of.
So because of that reason,
some of these people
wanted to come forward.
So in a sense, they used
me as a voice for them.
So that's why they're
relaying information to me
and telling me what
I, exactly, witnessed
and what the purpose of it was.
>> EMERY: You said you were
surprised to find out who they
were.
So who exactly was that?
>>HERRERA: Well, they are tapped
from Special Operations, JSOC,
more specifically.
And there's contractors,
if you will.
The specifics of
it are so clouded.
There's not a specific
name that, at least,
I can refer them to.
It's just Black Team.
But their purpose, obviously,
is this more covert stuff
that's even more secretive
and what the CIA is doing,
anything like that.
>> EMERY: Above them.
>>HERRERA: Yes.
>> EMERY: Yeah.
Above top secret.
>>HERRERA: Pretty
much, which is crazy.
>> EMERY: Right.
Did you ever find out who
was responsible for that UAP
encounter you had?
>>HERRERA: No, just this
organization as a whole.
I've tried to ask them if they
knew directly, and they don't.
>> EMERY: So Mike, how do
they keep these technologies
so secret?
These craft are so large.
They should show up
on radar, at least.
>>HERRERA: Well, everybody's
got the misconception
that they think radar
picks up everything.
These computer-generated
systems, or at least that they
program, they keep
them within parameters
of tracking certain things.
So when it comes
to stuff like this,
they're purposely not tracking
them because obviously, they'd
be tracking a lot of them
if that was the case.
So any radar operators
watching this probably
knows what I'm talking
about in reference to that.
Now the ones in the '50s
and the older radar systems,
those tracked everything.
So now that they actually
have programs and parameters
that they set for
individual systems--
so that's why
they're not tracked.
A lot of eye-witness accounts,
that's the first thing.
But then all of a sudden, I
come to stealth technologies,
with to B-2, B-21 Raider,
F-117, even the F-35 or even
F-22, those planes, they have
Radar-Absorbing Material, RAM,
as they call it, among other
different signatures that
don't even show up as a plane.
Probably show up as a bird
or something that doesn't--
>> EMERY: So the
programs, you're saying,
are pre-programmed for the
radars around the world so they
cannot see this--
>>HERRERA: Yes.
>> EMERY: --this anomaly.
>>HERRERA: Correct.
Now there are certain
radar systems that do,
such as the ones
we have at NORAD.
Obviously, they track a
lot of different things.
>> EMERY: So they're
aware of this at NORAD?
>>HERRERA: 100%.
There's even been some whistle
blowers that came forward
from NORAD, operating
those systems,
FAA operators, things like that.
>> EMERY: What other agencies
are aware of this besides
NORAD, other
three-letter agencies?
And what part of the agency,
if you could mention,
knows about it?
>>HERRERA: Well, a lot of
these agencies do, FBI, CIA.
>> EMERY: CIA.
>>HERRERA: They all--
they're aware of this.
But the problem is, Black Team
is so woven into everything,
even the media, even to--
it's like a secret
society, if you will.
They are woven into everything.
And their purpose is
to run these covertly
and to spread disinformation
so nobody knows where to look.
They have people that
are in their pockets.
They make their own
money with doing
various activities, which I've
not specifically read in on.
But I also know that
they embezzle funds
from the Black Budget as well as
other means to get that money.
>> EMERY: Do they have access
to other technologies besides
these craft?
>>HERRERA: Yes.
Weapon systems,
very advanced stuff.
There's other technologies.
So this group that
wants to come out,
they had told me
that transport's
boring in comparison to the
other stuff that they got.
Flying is boring.
They said, everybody is
so enamored with the UFOs,
there's stuff that they
have that's way more
advanced than that stuff, which
there's some stuff I know, more
specifically, with
the weapon systems
because that's what they use.
>> EMERY: When you say
these radar algorithms are
controlled, who's behind that?
>>HERRERA: I'm going to
suspect it's this organization.
They're unregulated.
They're not overseen by
any federal government
agency, Senate, White House,
military office, per se,
the president--
there's only a couple
of presidents that knew
of their existence.
And that was Bill Clinton.
So of course, he was waived
off this subject, of course.
So they have a lot of
influence with these agencies.
A lot of the stuff
that they do is
going to filter down
to the operatives that
are in these agencies to
basically program or do
whatever these guys need to do
in order to keep this quiet.
>> EMERY: If the president
is aware of the Black Team,
does that mean it's more
powerful than our own US Armed
Forces?
>>HERRERA: Yes because they have
technologies that are thousands
of years more advanced.
Conventional weapons systems
would probably be ineffective
compared to what they've got.
They probably have
means of force fields.
They have
frequency-based weapons
that could do damage to things.
What I learned, going
through all of this,
is that anything
can be possible.
It's speculation.
And the only weapon
system I know of
is these very advanced
EMPs that they've got.
And that's how they target these
craft, with scalar longitudinal
weapons.
So stuff in conventional
craft-- or stuff like that,
against conventional
aircraft, is
going to be thousands
of years more advanced
compared to just a 50-cal
round, for example,
firing at aircraft.
>> EMERY: Right, of course.
>>HERRERA: Or even a
30-millimeter cannon.
>> EMERY: That would be archaic.
Yeah.
>>HERRERA: Right.
>> EMERY: If they're more
powerful than our own military
and we're not an
opposition to them,
then who's running that show?
>>HERRERA: I have no idea.
But these are very
important people, at least
to my understanding.
It could be all the
way from the top down,
as far as the
White House knowing
about this, at least
certain people.
Granted, there's
disinformation agents
that are implanted
in all these agencies
to basically-- if somebody
tries to look into this,
they get waved off, threatened,
maybe bought into it as well.
They throw them a sum of
money and say, here you go,
don't ever talk about this.
If that doesn't
work, then there's
been people who've been
murdered over this,
that have the information
or tried to look into this.
>> EMERY: How many people
are involved with this thing,
like the numbers?
>>HERRERA: Well, a global
organization that obviously
spans every country,
they don't--
by any means, they don't respect
borders of other countries
they operate however
they want to.
I know of a specific event
that they were doing--
>> EMERY: Like hundreds
of thousands or thousands
of people?
>>HERRERA: I would say it's
a relatively small number.
But globally, I would say
probably hundreds of thousands
of people, just estimating.
I don't know personally.
But I know that it's
relatively small.
>> EMERY: You were captured
by the Black Team and now
you're talking about them.
Are you exposing them or
are you disinforming us?
>>HERRERA: Well, I'm
exposing what they've
been doing because a lot of the
people in this organization,
they have families, if you will.
They're married.
They have morals.
They were being misled on what
they were doing because they
thought that what
they were doing
was for the betterment
of this country,
helping everybody
as a whole, us being
a superpower of the world.
But come to find out how
they're being misled.
So obviously, the illegal
stuff that they're doing,
crimes such as murdering
innocent people, kidnapping,
slavery, human trafficking,
which these programs not really
relate to that
because these people
volunteer for these operations.
That's what we've
talked about earlier.
Now I don't know if the other
extent of it could be that.
But they're doing illegal stuff.
>> EMERY: Well, you just
mentioned that these people
were doing this patriotically
for our country,
which is making me believe
that this is definitely ran
by the United States only.
Is that true?
>>HERRERA: No.
Globally.
>> EMERY: Globally?
>>HERRERA: Yeah.
So since 1947, you
have, obviously,
changing of the guard, if
you will, with politicians.
They're leaving
office, whatever it is.
So it's getting diluted, as
far as people knowing it.
Obviously, since
the 1940s, people
have passed on, who
have known about this.
So the more and more and more
time goes on, the more diluted
the knowledge gets of
this team's existence.
Now only from being told, face
to face, by some of these guys,
that Clinton was the one
who had awareness to this--
and obviously, he got waved off.
Now in a global
comparison, I have no idea
if there's any other
government officials that
are in Parliament, for
example, in the UK,
that probably know about this.
I suspect that
there's people who do.
But when it comes up
to an organization that
has technology that's thousands
of years more advanced, that
can run circles around the
most sophisticated aircraft
that we have, you're talking
about something that puts fear
in their hearts
and in their minds
because they know that
if that's the most
sophisticated and advanced
stuff that we've got
and it's archaic
to what they have,
then that conventional
government does not
stand a chance.
>> EMERY: Mike, where do you
stand in relation to this?
Are a whistleblower
or are you just trying
to get the information out?
>>HERRERA: I'm a whistleblower.
But I am trying to get
the information out
on the behalf of
these people that
want to get out of this
organization as a whole.
>> EMERY: Is this organization
a byproduct of Majestic 12?
>>HERRERA: I suspect
it would be just
because of the nature of
what they're involved with
and what they're dealing with.
And obviously, we know what
Majestic 12's purpose was.
So I'm assuming it's
hand in hand with that.
>> EMERY: Is the
Black Teams divided?
What's your position on this?
>>HERRERA: So
being face to face,
at least, with both
spectrums of this,
obviously they're not-so-nice
people and then the ones that
actually want this to
come out and be exposed,
but in doing so, keeping
people safe about it,
understanding the
screening process of how
they pick these
people, obviously,
they have people
that have a set--
skills, Special
Operations, so to speak.
But they also screen
people, particularly,
to be more of the psychopathic
or sociopathic type of people,
that can carry out the
illegal stuff, that
don't have conscious attitude
to say, no, morally, this is not
right.
So the people that
are OK with it
obviously do the
more sinister stuff.
The people that actually
have a problem with that
are the ones that are relaying
the information to me,
from what they understand that
there is a war within the Black
Team, of them going
against each other.
>> EMERY: Oh, wow.
>>HERRERA: Right.
>> EMERY: So there is
something going on in there?
>>HERRERA: Yes.
>> EMERY: And are there separate
leaders for each one of those
that are heading all that off?
Or is it a group effort?
>>HERRERA: It might be a group
effort from what I understand.
So I don't know if there's
key leaders in with that,
as far as it's concerned.
But I do know that
obviously, it's
a byproduct of people that
were, one time, in the military,
on top of the contracting
companies that exist nowadays.
So it's very woven
into that aspect of it,
just keeping secret.
But I do understand that there
is a war within the Black Team
that I was told.
>> EMERY: And the good part of
this group wants to do a soft
disclosure of what's
really going on?
>>HERRERA: Yes.
>> EMERY: And
you're part of that?
>>HERRERA: Yes.
>> EMERY: OK.
>>HERRERA: I'm
their voice, trying
to get this information
out, so that way the public
knows what's going on.
But at the same time, if the
public knows and the government
already knows as well--
my whole thing with
this was trying
to get the government
to intervene,
at least with what I
witnessed, because it
is criminal activity.
I know for a fact
that there have
been people that
have been murdered,
that were in the shoes
that I as being a witness.
And I'm thankful every
single day that I was not
a part of that body count.
Now the good guys that
know about those operations
were able to at least provide
insight to why they do it,
which completely makes sense,
why they do it that way.
Do I agree with it?
Not necessarily.
I understand.
But at the same token, the
way they relayed that to me
was almost like if
the United States was
to try to find a cheaper labor
source outside this country,
they'd do the same thing--
but people that have a higher
consciousness or a depth
consciousness, if you
will, that can participate
in these operations.
>> EMERY: We talked about all
these advanced technologies,
Mike.
Where are they keeping these?
Is there a facility of
sorts around the planet?
>>HERRERA: Yes.
There's a lot of facilities
around the planet.
And they all span
underground, by the way.
And a lot of these bases
actually connect underground.
And they use a
maglev train system,
at least for the closest
installations underground.
And they have a separate
communications array,
if you want to call
it that, that only
communicates underground,
that does not come topside.
A lot of these installations,
they look like nothing up top.
They look like
abandoned of facilities.
They could look just--
OK, there's nothing
to look at over here
because it doesn't
draw attention.
But everything underground is
where all the exciting stuff
happens, as well as if they're
doing operations, topside.
Now these facilities, they do
not have a permanent flight
restriction, like what you would
see like a Space Force base.
Any kind of military
installation
that people know about
have a restricted access
only to military
personnel, flying in.
Then obviously,
they can do that.
But they put what's
called TFRs up,
Temporary Flight Restrictions.
So it restricts all the way to
60,000 feet, which there's not
a lot of aircraft in
this present day that
can fly up that high.
So that covers a
wide range of things.
The other thing as well,
because they have temporary,
it doesn't put a big
red flag in that area.
Because if you have something
like a desert, if you will,
that has nothing topside,
at least if it has a couple
buildings, then people start to
get curious and find out, OK,
what's going on?
Why is this area restricted?
>> EMERY: Mother--
TFRed all the time?
>>HERRERA: Yeah, exactly.
>> EMERY: That would
throw a red flag.
>>HERRERA: Exactly.
So that's why they
do it that way.
>> EMERY: But these
craft are so large.
And they're keeping them,
what, underground then?
>>HERRERA: Yeah.
>> EMERY: OK.
So there's some sort
of-- these spaces are--
what type of spaces
are we looking at here,
with these facilities
underground?
>>HERRERA: Well,
they're massive.
I've heard instances that
could span several miles, maybe
a cubic mile underground.
They're pretty
massive underground.
>> EMERY: No, absolutely.
>>HERRERA: So to house these
advanced technologies under
there, it's the easiest
way because two--
you don't have people that
can see it from topside.
Everything crucial is going
to be stored underground,
or in space, as a
matter of fact too,
because they have
stuff that orbits,
that nobody knows
about, including myself.
I've heard them say
stuff like this.
But I can't verify that.
It's not like I'm
floating up there
and say, yes, that's
one of their projects.
No.
Everything they keep crucial
is going to be underground.
One, if there's an asteroid
that hits accidentally
or if there's nuclear fallout
or a nuclear exchange, even
artillery range--
so if they're trying
to bomb these bases--
so let's say if Russia decides
to do something or China,
they're not going to be
susceptible to getting
damaged by that.
>> EMERY: Right and they
have force fields too,
and all these other high-tech,
defensive technologies.
>>HERRERA: Now force fields,
I am assuming that they do,
because they have
hologram projections.
One of the black sites they
have in the Chihuahuan Desert
looks like a mountain.
It's not a mountain.
It actually is a hologram
that emits this illusion
that it's a mountain.
So they had this manuscript
that they gave me,
explaining an
event that was very
similar to what I witnessed.
But it was in 2004 in
the Chihuahuan Desert.
And they talked
about them flying
into this hologram
with the helicopters
and with these containers, of
the same containers that I saw,
with the cylinder on top
for the HVAC systems,
which had people in them.
And at least they
had a drone that
was observing the
helicopters, that they
thought it was a suicide
mission because they're going
to fly into this mountain.
Now, why are they doing that?
Well, all of a sudden, they
just pass right through
and land onto a platform
that goes underground.
>> EMERY: Are those holographic
devices being projected from
space or from the ground?
>>HERRERA: From the ground
from what I understand.
They have ground
sensors, obviously,
so they can track
movement with that.
They have EMPs, obviously, to
mobilize any kind of vehicles
that we've got.
At least if you're trying
to go investigate this,
they have other means to
protect themselves and at least
obscure.
So if something looks
like a mountain,
it's not going to look
of interest to people.
>> EMERY: Why does our
conventional military allow
this new Black Ops force to
blatantly go wherever they want
and do anything
they want on Earth?
>>HERRERA: Well, there's a
couple reasons why it happens.
One, because of the technologies
that look-- the stigma itself,
of UFOs has been--
this had a stigma ever since
the '50s, little green men.
They tried to make it a subject
to where discredits itself.
And they've done that very well.
So if anybody sees
anything and they
try to report it
like I have, that
was kind of the things that was
very in the back of my mind,
that nobody would take this
serious, especially talking
to some important people
in the government.
Now the other thing
is too, the people
that know of this Black Team's
existence in the government,
in the military, are people
either bought and paid
for by them or
they're a part of it.
And that's why
they're able to do it.
So if they have generals, if you
will, that are a part of this
or know about it, but
they're paid under the table
or they're a part of it, they're
not going to say anything.
They're going to keep doing
what they're doing because it's
making them a lot of money.
>> EMERY: Would you say the
majority of sightings that
civilians see are basically
these alien-reproduction
vehicles?
>>HERRERA: Yes, 80%
of them, if you will.
Now the only reason
why I can say this
is because they have confirmed
to me a lot of the cases,
they're reverse engineered.
So they have the rivets,
the seams, bolts, stuff
that you can tell
it's manufactured.
Now the ones that are
completely seamless--
because crash
retrievals that they
do of ET craft, the installation
that I went to specifically,
they deal with at least
two or three of these craft
being shot down a
year, two or three.
Now think about this.
And this team's been
around since the '40s.
And they've had
installations that do this.
So you're talking about, over
the span of its existence,
it could be like 80
craft that they've
shot down at one location.
>> EMERY: Oh, right, at least.
>>HERRERA: And if you're
talking about the grand scheme
of things globally,
that's a lot of ET craft
that they're shooting
down a year in the big,
in the grand scheme of things.
So they come across a
lot of stuff like that.
They've told me that craft
that they've taken down
was completely seamless.
It has no methods
of manufacturing,
like panels or
anything like that.
It's just one solid piece.
But it feels organic to them.
>> EMERY: What do you think
the Black Team's objective is,
their agenda, to say, with
you coming out on "Cosmic
Disclosure" with me?
>>HERRERA: Well, obviously, the
good guys in this organization
want this to come out
and because obviously,
this is a platform that
allows this to happen.
So them giving me
the information
and providing me with the
assets to know exactly what I'm
being told, making sure that I
do understand it so that way,
I can get the
viewers and people--
at least because you have
a very wide audience,
may either be in the
military, even in politics.
This is going to span
the entire world as far
as this information
being put out.
So the good guys want
to separate themselves
with getting to me the right
information to expose this,
at the same time doing with
what they're dealing with,
either them trying to
come out and either
on the back end of things,
such as what they've
been doing already, as well
as even using me as a means
to get this information out.
So that's the whole point that
they're doing with me, at least
to provide the public what
the understanding of why
this happens.
>> EMERY: Is your life in
danger, Mike, by doing this?
>>HERRERA: 100%.
The way I look at it is every
time you get in your car,
you're taking a risk because
obviously, car accidents
are one of the number-one
killers in this country.
There's so many different
variables that can happen.
But here's the thing.
The reason why things
are not being done
is because people
are afraid of that.
So in order to get stuff to
actually change in this world,
such as this disclosure maybe
getting this technology out--
these guys are taking a
big risk by providing me
this information.
And I'm taking a big risk
because obviously, I'm
keeping bad people up at night.
I've had the instances
with helicopters
hovering over my house.
They're harassing my wife and
myself, my dad, for instance.
They're trying to play games.
But also, we've got
protections in place, not only
from the federal government,
but also other teams
that are keeping us safe too.
So they've given me
information as far as
how to track the aircraft
that comes and harasses us,
which hasn't happened
in a little bit.
But every now and
then, it happens.
>> EMERY: Right.
Well, Mike, it's very honorable.
And I really appreciate
you coming on the show.
>>HERRERA: Well, I appreciate
you having me on and getting
this information out Emery.
>> EMERY: You're very welcome.
Emery Smith and this
is "Cosmic Disclosure."
Until next time.
[THEME MUSIC]